# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree. In this project I built **Azure ML pipeline** using **Python SDK** and a custom **Scikit-learn Logistic Regression** model. Hyperparameters of the model were optimized using Hyperdrive. After this Azure AutoML was used to find optimal model using the same dataset, and the results of the two methods were compared. 

See the diagram below showing the main steps followed in the project:



## Summary
**In 1-2 sentences, explain the problem statement: e.g "This dataset contains data about... we seek to predict..."**

**In 1-2 sentences, explain the solution: e.g. "The best performing model was a ..."**

## Scikit-learn Pipeline
**Explain the pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm.**

**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
